Daughter-in-law, this is the juice I squeezed myself.
Thank you, Dad.
Dad, you're sour.
Why are you doing so much?
I think it fits.
Or you can drink my cup.
No need to eat first.
You're not eating?
He doesn't eat, ignore him.
Umm.
Dad, what are you doing?
You hear that?
Your wife vomited.
I'll take her to the hospital.
Which hospital?
Here's my dad making some soup for Thanh Thanh.
Dad, what do you think?
Can't say a few words.
I'll take him to the hospital for a check-up in the afternoon.
I have such high emotional intelligence.
How can you give birth to an honest man like you?
Who is not a straight man?
Spicy girl, please use this that is both sour and spicy.
Is that right?
Twins, then this burden is big enough.
I had to quickly research food supplements.
What's going on?
Looks like I ate some unclean takeaway food.
You may have food poisoning.
Go, I'll take you to the hospital for a check-up.